OSDOCS-10366 OCP Core 4.13.41 RNs (#75293)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-13-40-updating"]
==== Updating
To update an existing {product-title} 4.13 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI].

[id="ocp-4-13-41"]
=== RHSA-2024:2047 - {product-title} 4.13.41 bug fix update

Issued: 2024-05-02

{product-title} release 4.13.41, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:2047[RHSA-2024:2047] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:2049[RHSA-2024:2049] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.13.41 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-13-41-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, both tuned and irqbalanced were modifying the Interrupt Request (IRQ) CPU affinity which caused issues. With this release, only irqbalanced is in charge of configuring interrupt affinity. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31936[*OCPBUGS-31936*])

Reviewer: Maybe anthromorphism??
```suggestion
* Previously, both tuned and irqbalanced were modifying the Interrupt Request (IRQ) CPU affinity which caused issues. With this release, only irqbalanced configures interrupt affinity. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31936[*OCPBUGS-31936*])
```

> * Previously, the autoscaler could panic and exit when MachineSets were defined with taints that did not contain the `value` field. With this release, the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31702[*OCPBUGS-31702*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the autoscaler could panic and exit when machine sets were defined with taints that did not contain the `value` field. With this release, the issue is resolved. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31702[*OCPBUGS-31702*])
```

> * Previously, the console backend proxy server was sending operand list requests to the public API server endpoint. This caused Certificate Authority (CA) issues under some circumstances. With this release, the proxy configuration was updated to point to the internal API server endpoint which fixed this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31595[*OCPBUGS-31595*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the console backend proxy server was sending operand list requests to the public API server endpoint. This caused Certificate Authority (CA) issues under some circumstances. With this release, the proxy configuration is updated to point to the internal API server endpoint, which fixed this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31595[*OCPBUGS-31595*])
```

> * Previously, when the YAML editor was opened to edit a pipeline, the pipeline name would be overridden and changed to `new-pipeline`. With this release, the original pipeline name is preserved and not overridden when the YAML editor is opened. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31077[*OCPBUGS-31077*])

Author: I think you're right.

> * Previously, observability dashboards used expensive queries to show data which caused frequent timeouts on clusters with a large number of nodes. With this release, observability dashboards use recording rules that are precalculated to ensure reliability on clusters with a large number of nodes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-25922[*OCPBUGS-25922*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, Observability dashboards used expensive queries to show data which caused frequent timeouts on clusters with a large number of nodes. With this release, observability dashboards use recording rules that are precalculated to ensure reliability on clusters with a large number of nodes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-25922[*OCPBUGS-25922*])
```
